Post:Software Developer JAVA Experience: 3 + years The Sr. Web Programmer/Developer works to implement multiple large-scale web projects for a variety of industry leading clients and complete many smaller to medium size programming responsibilities for existing projects. Responsibilities include: Build new systems with JAVA / JSP / SQL Server 2008. Develop new functionality on our existing software products. Coordinating and participating in the programming, implementation, testing and support of projects using the Microsoft solutions. Programming, developing, and producing data-driven web applications, web sites and mobile apps using the latest technology solutions and software Consulting with clients to ensure the use of technologies for enterprise business applications Debugging and problem solving across a wide variety of Java projects, Javaopen source and mobile platforms Must be well aware of Web page / Server Response optimization Must be well aware of TOMCAT / Weblogic / WebSphere Skills: Deep knowledge of the J2SE, JE22 and J2ME Frameworks. Knowledge of JSP, Servlets,struts,hibeate, JSF, EJB and Ajax. Strong experience designing and working with n-tier architectures. Strong knowledge of stored procedures, triggers, indexes, table normalization and database design Ability to design and optimize SQL Server 2008 stored procedures. In-depth knowledge of hand-coded standards compliant HTML/XHTML, CSS, XML, JavaScript& JQuery A Plus if you have: CSS3/HTML5, MooTools, Prototypejs. Mobile App experience, Experience with Subversion Experience with PHP, ASP.NET, Android a plus, but not required Qualities: Ability to work well individually and on a team, high concurrency (many projects) and fast paced environment Strong understanding of software development life-cycle and best practices Strong time management skills, can meet deadlines consistently Take direction well, but also able to make decisions and take initiative Strong communication skills Up-to-date on the latest web technologies Professional, dependable, solid work ethic, detail-oriented, dedication to quality, self motivated Preferred Education: A Bachelors degree in computer science or related discipline is preferred.